Documentation enhanced concerning issue #888 (#2025)
GitTools/GitVersion: docs/input/docs/configuration.md

`continuous-delivery-fallback-tag` will be used as the pre-release tag for
branches which do not have one specified. Default set to `ci`.

> Just to clarify: For a build name without "...-ci-\<buildnumber>" or in other

Reviewer: Is the backslash in `...-ci-\<buildnumber>` intentional?

```suggestion
Just to clarify: For a build name without `...-ci-\<buildnumber>` or in other
```

Author: Now it is obsolete. It is needed in favor of escape the angle bracket. But when surrounded by backticks to represent code it is not needed anymore.

Reviewer: So should my suggested change be commited, then?

Author: Yea, but I never authored pull request changes, I accidentally created a bunch of unnecessary commits. Sorry. I am not sure. I want to take your change, but then I end with a fresh commit. But their is one change left off, as the escape is not needed anymore. But then I would create another commit to remove that single backslash. So all these commits would be visible when this pull request is merged into develop/master, right? What so ever, I manually added the line into his own commit.

> words without a PreReleaseTag (ergo "PreReleaseTag":"" when typing GitVersion)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
words without a `PreReleaseTag` (ergo `"PreReleaseTag":""` in GitVersion's JSON output)
```

> at the end you would need to set continuous-delivery-fallback-tag to '':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the end you would need to set `continuous-delivery-fallback-tag` to an empty string (`''`):

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

mode: ContinuousDeployment
continuous-delivery-fallback-tag: ''
...
```

> Doing so can be applicable if you use your master branch as release branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Doing so can be helpful if you use your `master` branch as a `release` branch.
```
